SDK-4093. Added Security update checker doc (#2066)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/upgradability-guidelines/security-update.md

---
title: Security update checker
description: Reference information for evaluator tools.
template: howto-guide-template
---

> Security Update Checker is a tool that checks if security fixes exists for Spryker modules that presented in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security Update Checker is a tool that checks if security fixes exist for Spryker modules that are present in your project.
```

## Problem description

> A project can sometimes use dependencies that contain known vulnerabilities. To minimize the security risk for the project, such dependencies should be updated to the version that has the vulnerability fixed.

Reviewer 2: We need to describe that the dependencies are Spryker packages/modules and Spryker Security checker informs about such vulnerabilities very fast.
